Fixing the issues article and updating images (#2106)
MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer: microsoft-edge/devtools-guide-chromium/issues/index.md

1. Go to a webpage that contains issues to fix.  For example, open the [accessibility-testing demo page](https://microsoftedge.github.io/Demos/devtools-a11y-testing/) in a new tab or window.

> 1. Open DevTools.  After a few seconds, the **Issues icon** (![Issues icon.](media/issues-icon.png)) appears in the upper right corner of DevTools.

Reviewer: The icon moved, it's no longer in the top right corner. So we should update the wording.
Here is a suggestion:

```suggestion
1. Open DevTools.  After a few seconds, a blue information badge appears on the **Issues icon** in the **Activity bar** (![Issues icon.](media/issues-icon.png)).
```

> 1. Refresh the page, because some issues are reported based on network requests.  Notice the updated count in the **Issues counter**.

Reviewer: We should remove the last sentence, since the exact count is not displayed anymore in Focus Mode:

```suggestion
1. Refresh the page, because some issues are reported based on network requests.
```
